hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie saw
2005. the movie starts and we see a guy
named
michael who became the victim of jigsaw
killing
and he finds himself in an unknown room
stuck in a life-threatening helmet
jigsaw sends his message using videotape
where he finds the reason for being here
actually michael was a police spy who
keeps telling the police about people
according to jigsaw he ruined the life
of many people by making their arrests
according to the rules of the jigsaw
game he was left with only one minute
before his helmet gets locked and he
dies jigsaw gives him the hint
that the key to the helmet has been
fixed at the back of his eye
today was his assessment of whether he
could sacrifice his eye
which he kept on people to save his own
life
michael tries much to dig out the key
but all in vain
at last the timer ends and his face
shatters away
on the other hand we see that detective
eric and his son had an argument
he gets angry and asks his son to leave
when he repents upon his mistake
he tries to go back to him but his son
daniel was lost and had no information
then detective alison calls upon eric
about the investigation of the crime
scene of michael
because michael had left a note for eric
on the wall and here we come to know
that michael was an informer of eric
he used to send people information to
eric after reading the note on the wall
and logo on the helmet he understands
where those masks were manufactured
finally eric finds out the secret and
exact location of jigsaw with the help
of other detectives
where they find jigsaw as a weak person
suffering from cancer
there they find out that they have not
found a jigsaw in fact he did smart
planning
to trap them there they see on monitors
that jigsaw had kept
michael's son daniel and many other in a
room filled with poisonous gas
and those people were left with only two
hours until they die of poison
jigsaw also tells eric that only those
people were locked inside
whom he arrested against false evidence
and he did all that with the help of
michael
and up till now people who were trapped
never knew that daniel was michael's son
otherwise they would have killed him for
revenge jigsaw tells eric that if he
wants he can save his son
that would be only possible if he
follows the rules of his game
the rules of his game were quite simply
that one has to understand
jigsaw for a while according to the
rules of the game
he agrees to talk to him alone during
the conversation
eric finds out that jigsaw knows him
very well
eric used to torture his prisoners very
badly when he was a police officer five
years ago
so that they could admit the crime and
once he broke the teeth of a prisoner
and not only this but he also managed to
make false charges against the criminals
he tells him the reason for being jigsaw
as per him
people don't know the importance of life
and they don't have survival skills
until they see death in front of them
like eric felt for his son at that
moment
he understands that humans have much
power to tolerate pain
and he wanted to tell the people about
the importance of their life in his
wrong way
jigsaw says that he has a sign which he
imprints on the body of those who don't
survive
on the other hand all the prisoners were
trying to find out their reason for
being here
there the people never knew about each
other amanda finds out the tape of
jigsaw
in which they find out that they were
left with two hours unless the poison
gas kills them
to survive the game they had to find the
hidden antidote in the room
the secret code of which jigsaw tells
them in the form of a puzzle
that the code was present at the back of
their brain in the color of the rainbow
jigsaw also tells them that their
presence there was linked to only one
reason
the clue of which they would find out
from the x mask hidden in the house
they also find out a key and a note in
which jigsaw warned them not to open the
door with the key
but xavier denies the jigsaw rule and
tries to open the room with the key
but in doing this the trigger of the gun
opens up and gus dies of staring in the
hole
jigsaw intentionally provided the door
key for two reasons
because he knew that someone would try
to open the door despite his warning
and would die and on the other hand to
tell the people that rules need to be
followed
otherwise their end would be the same
after sometimes the room door opens up
by itself
and they find no way out after checking
the house thoroughly
then they find the door to the basement
they find the jigsaw new message
a pail and many other things they also
find the name obi
which was one of the prisoners names
they find out that obi was the reason
they were there
but he never knew that why he was there
jigsaw tells that he had put the two
antidotes in a kiln
and one of which was obi's gift for
kidnapping all and bringing them here
and second was for one of the other
prisoners the recorded message was a
puzzle that said
when you are in hell the only devil can
save you
and that message ends but no one cares
about that
when obi's name reveals then xavier
threatens him with killing
but obi never gets frightened he goes
inside the kiln to find out antidotes
and he successfully takes one of the
antidotes but to find the other antidote
the door of the kiln shuts by itself
it catches up the fire and he dies and
that antidote vanishes there
then they find out another room and the
timer of the room triggers up
after listening to the tape they find
out that this room was the test room of
xavier
who was a drug dealer involved in
putting people under the addiction of
drugs
in this test xavier had to find out the
key of the room placed inside the
needle's waist
where that other antidote was present
but instead of doing it by himself
he throws amanda inside after trying so
much amanda finds out the key the time
was out till the time
and the door gets shut forever after
being alone
xavier enters room 1 where he finds out
the number
because of which he solves out the
puzzle of jigsaw jigsaw had written the
secret code at the back of everyone in
the rainbow color
to find the code he kills him and there
they find out the thing which was
connecting all of them
that was that instead of daniel everyone
had gone to jail
and daniel's father eric was responsible
for sending them to jail against false
charges
and when xavier finds out this he comes
out to find daniel
now addison finds another room where the
antidote was kept in a glass casing
she ignores the recorder and tries to
find out the antidote
but she gets trapped in it and dies
because his veins are cut off
and if she had listened to the tape she
might have found the key to the glass
box
and she might not be killed and would
have found the antidote
xavier listens to her shouting and
reaches out there and takes out her code
and leaves her for dying there
after a while a girl dies of poison
after finding code from many people's
body xavier tries to find out daniel
eric sees his son's life in danger and
loses consciousness
he hits jigsaw real hard to find out the
location of his son
and jigsaw agrees to take him to the
exact location
but he makes a bet that he would go
there alone xavier follows them and
reaches to the washroom and asks them to
tell them his number
then amanda asks him that how would he
understand the number written on his
back
and xavier thrashes out the skin at his
back by cutting it
xavier dies after being hit by daniel
during fighting with both of them
on the other hand eric enters the place
jigsaw had told him
he enters the basement and the force
team enters there but they can't find
the people on the video monitor and
couldn't find the victims
and then they find out that this was not
that house and they were seeing the
captured video
this means whatever had happened to the
victims occurred before capturing jigsaw
on the other hand eric enters the
washroom for finding his son
but he finds neither amanda nor daniel
then he finds out the dead body in the
bathtub
when he gets closer the dead body
injects him and makes him unconscious
when he wakes up eric finds out that he
is chained now
a tape nearby reveals the secret that
there was another mastermind instead of
jigsaw
and that mastermind was amanda who did
all this to take revenge on eric
because she was never on drugs but eric
put false charges against her and
arrested her
and she was jailed and got addicted to
the drugs in the prison
eric had ruined her life but jigsaw made
her leave drugs and gave her new life
and told her the importance of life she
gets impressed by jigsaw and starts
working under him
and here her first prey was eric and she
intentionally got included in the
prisoners
so that she could complete her mission
and jigsaw had also told eric that his
son was at the safe place
he was indicating towards him and amanda
says to him
game over forever and shuts the door and
the movie ends with an evil smile of
jigsaw
thanks for watching